#Database server name
currie_server=curie.ciat.cgiar.org
#Database name of information database
currie_schema_base=information_schema
#Database name in the server
currie_schema_gapanalysis=cwr_gapanalysis
#User database
currie_user=hsotelo
#Password database
currie_password=783836@ciat
#List of fields mandatory to review
validation_fields_mandatory=filename,username,provider_institute_id,field_collected_data,data_public_access,citation,source
#List of values allowed in the field availability
validation_content_availability=0,1,null
#List of values allowed in the field source
validation_content_source=G,H
#List of values allowed in the field cult
validation_content_cult=weedy,cultivated,wild,null
#List of values allowed in the field origin
validation_content_origin=native,non-native,introduced,null
#List of values allowed in the field is_hybrid
validation_content_hybrid=0,1,null
#List of values allowed in the field ns
validation_content_ns=N,S,null
#List of values allowed in the field ew
validation_content_ew=E,W,null
#Regular expression for validate coordinates
validation_content_regexp_coords=(-)?(\d)+(.(\d)+)?
#maximum value uncertainty for geocoding
geocoding_threshold=99999
#Url for Google Maps API in xml format
geocoding_google_url_send_xml=https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/xml?sensor=false&
#Url for Google Maps API in json format
geocoding_google_url_send_json=https://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/geocode/json?sensor=true&
#Google Maps API Key for many request
geocoding_google_key=Qcx8oSMdJjJzPgNHcy_91yErynY=
#Client allowed for use of the Google Key
geocoding_google_client=gme-centrointernacional
#File name of the database of water body
geocoding_database_world=waterbody.db
#Table name of configuration into water body database
geocoding_database_world_conf=conf
#Max columns for the every table into water body database
geocoding_database_world_max_column=1000
#Name of tables that contains values
geocoding_database_world_table=waterbody
#Value for earth, otherwise the application send notification
geocoding_database_world_earth=1
#API's url for TNRS web service
tnrs_url_base=http://tnrs.iplantc.org/tnrsm-svc/matchNames?
#Path of R
taxonstand_rscript_path=C:\Program Files\R\R-3.1.2\bin\Rscript.exe
#Name of function in R for use Taxonstand
taxonstand_function_name=TPLck
#Start parameters for the function of taxonstand
taxonstand_function_parameters=,corr=TRUE,